1741323684: Filename: MUSPubl-EXT_BAND-Coda Of Beyond The Reef By Andy Williams Performed By The Royal Hawaiian Band In Iolani Palace Park With Birds Chirping In The Backround And Applause At The End_YMLT_NONE_39504786, Description: Coda with applause to Beyond The Reef by Andy Williams performed by The Royal Hawaiian Band at 'Iolani Palace Park. Some crowd conversations might be overheard, along with some very faint city ambiance, and most predominantly birds chirping above in the trees.

This was done as a public demonstration; completely free.
Because this is not my work, I have marked it as an Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0. 

Recordist Note:
*Sorry for any unisolated sounds, It was a field recording with a crowd nearby.

Recorded January 31, 2025 on TASCAM Portacapture X6 (XY pattern, Field Record preset, Radius Deadcat applied) with no post-processing. Only trimming.

Timestamps
None

I'm always happy to chat and always learning and curious! If you have any questions, especially about where and how I capture my sounds, feel free to shoot me a private message.

If you'd like to support Freesound and help them keep this amazing resource ad-free, you can make a donation here. Every contribution, big or small, is greatly appreciated.

Your feedback is greatly appreciated, whether it's praise or constructive criticism.

For the best audio quality, I recommend downloading the files.

To show your appreciation for my work, consider sharing your finished product! You can DM me about the work, or leave a comment in the sound(s) you used with a link to the related work. Briefly mention that my sound was included in your project. It's always inspiring to see how my sounds come to life in different contexts.
Of course, it is always appreciated to credit me for Creative Commons 0 but not required and for Attribution/NonCommercial 4.0 it is required.

I hope you enjoy my sound! I'm eager to see how you use them in your creative projects. Thank you!
1741323712: Filename: tree_creak_03.wav, Description: wind and creaks from several trees, one close and several in the distance.
